Although before the purchase of the CPU (AMD), I checked for the AMD-v capability for the Virtualization
capability, I went ahead and checked on the command line:

grep -e 'sv' /proc/cpuinfo

You can also verify that the KVM modules are loaded in the kernel:

lsmod | grep kvm

Go ahead and updating the system:

yum update

Make sure SELinux is in Permissive mode

setenforce 0

When checking /etc/selinux/config or /etc/sysconfig/selinux, the output showed that the CURRENT
mode is "permissive" but the mode from config was still "enforcing"


Continuing with the installation/setting up of the KVM:

to install the user-level KVM and disk image manager:

yum install qemu-kvm qemu-img


to download more useful tools for administration purposes:

-virt-manager: provides a GUI tool to administrate your virtual machines
-libvirt-client: provides a CL tool to administrate your virtual environment called "virsh"
-virt-install: provides the command "virt-install" to create your virtual machines from CLI
-libvirt: provides the server and host side libraries for interacting with hypervisors and 
host systems


yum install virt-manager libvirt libvirt-python libvirt-client

*getting the error:
No match for argument: libvirt-python
Error: Unable to find a match: libvirt-python

**libvirt-python package provides a module that permits applications written in the Python 3.x programming
language to call the interface supplied by the libvirt library, to manage the virtualization
capabilities of recent versions of Linux and other OSes

Not sure if I can download this separately but skipping this for now******

Installing Virtualization Client, Virtualization Platform, and Virtualization Tools:

Virtualization Client
-clients for installing and managing virtualization instances
-mandatory packages:
1. python-virtinist
2. virt-manager
3. virt-viewer
-optional packages:
1. virt-top

Virtualization Platform
-provides an interface for accessing and controlling virtual machines and containers
-mandatory packages:
1. libvirt
2. libvirt-client
3. virt-who
4. virt-what
-optional packages:
1. fence-virtd-libvirt
2. fence-virtd-multicast
3. fence-virtd-serial
4. libvirt-cim
5. libvirt-java
6. libvirt-qmf
7. libvirt-snmp
8. perl-Sys-Virt

Virtualization Tools 
-tools for offline virtual image management
-mandatory packages:
1. libguestfs
-optional packages:
1. libguestfs-java
2. libguestfs-tools
3. virt-v2v

yum groupinstall virtualization-client virtualization-platform virtualization-tools


"libvirtd" is the virtualization daemon which manages all of the platform. This needs to be restarted:

systemctl restart libvirtd

systemctl status libvirtd

**daemon- a long-running background process that answers requests for services






